hello today consider staff
car audio for audi a6 base
operating system then this version
operating system
equipped with a full multimedia suite
radio
and with switching between and mfm
frequencies as well as creating a list
favorite radio stations also have audio
playable player
audio files formats mp3 and wav
micro sd flash cards and usb 2 0 or
connecting ipod still have the opportunity
watch mp4 video formats avi mpeg
in the ancient kingdom that fear rules
or watch TV which
shows a large number of channels
high quality or include music or
film from the form of disks if it is 2d format
audi a9 video and do not sit
plus there is a virtual machine with
memory up to 20 drives
also music or video can
play from a tablet phone or
mp3 player
connecting them through the input three and a half
millimeter
in addition, you can see pictures
jpeg photos
and you can also display an image with
DVR or rear camera
You can still make calls directly from
recorder display or translate sound into
car dynamics from a laptop or tablet
wireless bluetooth also
if you connect the modem via the input usb 2 0
that is possible
Internet surfing is a significant plus
This operating system is
ability to install navigation
Navitel systems
which is not hearsay famous for its
accuracy simplicity and functionality
in the field of navigation is still necessary
office minimum calculator
calendar world time
and if you have time, you can play
games just here you can see
information on the characteristics of the recorder
besides this in a big peppermint
all kinds of settings can be translated
headrest monitors
if any, but among the settings
there is a 7 band equalizer
and with presets such as
classic jazz pop personages and so on
There are also video settings such as
contrast and brightness and color and
and there is still the ability to customize such
parameters like backlight control
enable voice navigator off
puppy controllers reverse control
language selection
steering wheel settings and so on
that's all